“No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.”,Charles Dickens
“Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.”,Buddha
“Do unto others as you would have others do unto you.”,Matthew 7:12
“You can have everything you want in life if you just help enough people get what they want in life.”,Zig Ziglar
“There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up.”,John Holmes
“Those who are happiest are those who do the most for others.”,Booker T. Washington
“An effort made for the happiness of others lifts us above ourselves.”,Lydia M. Child
“To do more for the world than the world does for you, that is success.”,Henry Ford
“Even the smallest act of caring for another person is like a drop of water -it will make ripples throughout the entire pond.”,Jessy and Bryan Matteo
“Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others.”,Socrates
“In helping others, we shall help ourselves, for whatever good we give out completes the circle and comes back to us.”,Flora Edwards
“Never underestimate the difference you can make in the lives of others. Step forward, reach out and help. This week reach to someone that might need a lift.”,Pablo
“I believe that love expands. As you give love out, it’s received and reciprocated and it grows. That’s the beauty of it.”,Hill Harper
“To ease another’s heartache is to forget one’s own.”,Abraham Lincoln
“The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.”,Mahatma Gandhi
“If you get, give. If you learn, teach.”,Maya Angelou
“We can’t help everyone, but everyone can help someone.”,Dr. Loretta Scott
“Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.”,Mohammed Ali
“When a person is down in the world, an ounce of help is better than a pound of preaching.”,Edward G. Bulwer
“Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, What’s in it for me?”,Brian Tracy
“I’ve learned that you shouldn’t go through life with a catchers mitt on both hands. You need to be able to throw something back.”,Maya Angelou
“Earn your success based on service to others, not at the expense of others.”,H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
“If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.”,Buddha
“As you grow older you will discover that you have two hands. One for helping yourself, the other for helping others.”,Audrey Hepburn
“Time and money spent in helping men to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving.”,Henry Ford
“Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us every day.”,Sally Koch
“If you want to touch the past, touch a rock. If you want to touch the present, touch a flower. If you want to touch the future, touch a life.”,Unknown
“What do we live for if not to make the world less difficult for each other.”,George Eliot
“Since you get more joy out of giving joy to others, you should put a good deal of thought into the happiness that you are able to give.”,Eleanor Roosevelt
“A good objective of leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better.”,Jim Rohn
“No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.”,Aesop
“There is no greater joy, nor greater reward than to make a fundamental difference in someone’s life.”,Mary Rose McGeady
“Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.”,Albert Einstein
“We rise by lifting others.”,Robert Ingersoll
“Life’s most urgent questions is: What are you doing for others?”,Martin Luther King, Jr.
“Life is too short not to create, not to love, and not to lend a helping hand to our brothers and sisters.”,Eric Maisel
“Dare to reach out your hand into the darkness, to pull another hand into the light.”,Norman B. Rice
“If we always helped one another, no one would need luck.”,Sophocles
“You need to be aware of what others are doing, applaud their efforts, acknowledge their successes, and encourage them in their pursuits. When we all help one another, everybody wins.”,Jim Stovall
“Nothing liberates our greatness like the desire to help, the desire to serve.”,Marianne Williamson
“Happiness is a by-product of an effort to make someone else happy.”,Gretta Brooker Palmer


